    # HARVEST
    #### Video Demo:  <https://youtu.be/jcQJDXBemDk>
    #### Description: 
    This is a small program that keeps track of your favourite crops, harvest dates, sowing dates, etc. in a csv file, and (pretty) prints them for your reference. It is fairly basic, and only comprises one file, a requirements.txt, a test_project.py, and a readme.md. I have included an option down the line to write another function which would randomly (or possibly by an ordered crop preference) create a year-round growing plan for your crops that would create the most complete annual harvests, i.e. would try to ensure that the maximum possible harvest months were utilised. 
    Although I really like using command-line arguments in my python projects, I decided that for ease of use I would print a contents page of options upon start-up, somewhat in the style of a computer game from the 90's. This was somewhat stylistically appealing to me, but mainly it was a matter of ease of use - I wanted the program to be as simple and intuitive as possible to the user (and to myself)
    I debated the use of classes in the program - I really wanted to use them as its the area that I'm perhaps weakest on in this python course, however I feel I struggled slightly to utliise them to their full advantage, and couldn't help feeling like I could have done away with the classes entirely and written the program as entirely functional. Certainly in future I'd like to use classes more in order to expand my knowledge of them and learn how to utilise them perhaps more properly and more powerfully than I've been able to here.
    I realy like the prettyprint module that prints the tables in a nice format. Hoewever, it was quite hard work, especially when it came to using pytest, as the output was very confusing to parse/test. I'll still defend its use, as, combined with the table of options, I think it really adds a nice dimension to what could have easily been a very obtuse, confusing and bland command-line program. 
    I think if I had to make the program over again, I'd probably not bother trying to use classes, and would have spent that time saved on cerating more complexity and functionality within the program. I'd also like to include an option to delete crops, as well as adding them. However, overall I'm happy with how the program turned out, and it's made me eager to create more.
    
